Execution: Partnering with the Regional Sales leader, you will develop a vision for the region based on the inputs from the account and specialists' teams and the extended sales leadership. You will ensure your team engages in customer discussions, brings innovative thinking, and shares customers' use cases and successes. You will coach your team in developing a technical leadership mindset, like a 'CTO'. You will ensure your team becomes more consultative in their approach and drive accountability across the extended team.
Passion: You enjoy building a team with excellent consultative skills that lead to more intimate relationships with their customers, effectively becoming a trusted advisor. You are passionate about creating these skills across your team. You understand the importance of defining customers' high-level business objectives and mapping VMware multi-cloud management solutions to customers' roadmap towards their Multi-Cloud Strategy. You look for people who embrace a customer-centric mindset and are passionate about learning and sharing best practices of VMware's technical advancements with our customers.
Integrity: You will establish and nurture relationships across the VMware community and contribute to a respectful and diverse culture of accountability. As a VMware leader, you will demonstrate professionalism in all aspects of your job and treat everyone with respect. You will expect the same professionalism from your team as they work with peers, customers and extended teams. You will also establish and maintain ethical working relationships with VMware specialist teams, your leadership and extended sales leadership and professional services.
Customer: You strive to build a "customer-obsessed" team with a deep understanding of consultative relationships to become trusted advisors to their customers. Shifting behavior to achieve this will require thoughtful coaching and mentoring on the team's journey to success at VMware. You act as a role model presenting VMware's strategy, value proposition, technologies, and product roadmaps to customers at all levels, including executives, technical engineers, and management. You exemplify how we listen to our customers and partners as we work with them at each step in their business lifecycle. The goal is to align the customers' business priorities to technical challenges that VMware is uniquely positioned to solve with our comprehensive solution portfolio.
Community: The SE Manager builds and leverages the power of the community to share best practices and drive innovations in solving problems. Developing a culture of sharing and leveraging each other is a crucial behavior the manager will instill in their team and broadly across the region and industry. The manager will foster this in technical communities such as our annual VMworld conference. We bring leading engineers together to share innovative ideas in everything from modern applications to the cloud. VMware is committed to making a global impact, and you have a chance to lead a team that will impact your community. VMware has its own VMware Foundation, various donation match programs, and even company supported time to give back to communities and make a difference.


ffIPamLJQBAHfvI9STjicbM2BR2nwDzp2h8nU4z7
AKIA4QGKA57TNZRATEV7


bJrTDfiA9UwlivtVvZdRWYvxosD661Po7QO8ZZJXF67CIz2BLy

docker run --name vss-remediation-Worker_Group_-_1 \
    -e VSS_CLIENT_ID=Me4m1mpFqbvNyN0QnUAYIJM2KG5JErjLIlw \
    -e VSS_CLIENT_SECRET=bJrTDfiA9UwlivtVvZdRWYvxosD661Po7QO8ZZJXF67CIz2BLy \
    -e VSS_STARTUP_HOST=https://api.securestate.vmware.com \
    vmware/vss-remediation-worker:latest


1. Application Migration Strategies to Cloud? Data to be collected ? What would you suggest and why
2. API Gateway & its importance
3. What are landing zones and its importance in Cloud
4. Rehost Migration Strategy Planning
5. Kubernetes Network Architecture
6. Logging in Kubernetes
7. Importance of Service Discovery

948c55f6-fa4e-4ac0-83d2-d175144fa39f